== README

TRACR (Old: TOTEM) developed by the folks at Sizr.
Rails 4.0, Ruby 2.0


= 12th September 2013 (5:16)
- Swapped nested fields gem for cocoon
- Fixed first object bug with a regular workaround
- Engagements, tests, and all automated/push emails seem like the only things left
- Need to add a quick "Find contact panel on group homepage" - Do this using the same tech i used to make find groups. It's ajax, pagination and js.

= 11th September 2013 (3:23)
- Changed the UI to include a sidebar partial for anything group and below. @group is a must for any page with a sidebar.
- Added the phone sub model and a few migrations in order to bring me and kartik to parity. Added a contact_id to phone number
- Added nested attributes and the nested_form gem asset pipeline. Also put it through permits. Need to test once although it looks like it works already.
- Added MD5 hashing to gravatar in config/environments. Major refactor needed.
- There's a minor bug with me having to make a loop to get the first element of the Phone number sub object. Will look into this soon.


= 6th September 2013 (2:53)
- Added scaffolds for both models
- Made the color coding system for the index controller of Engagements

= 6th September 2013 (1:03)
- Added dependant: :destroy to all has_many
- Made Phone model
- Made Engagement model
- Added some validation to both

= 5th September 2013 (later on)
- Added Less to Assets pipeline
- Added Bootstrap
- Cobbled together a index page
- Changed all the forms
- Other UI, mostly the tables for Contacts and Groups have no styles as of now

= 5th September 2013
- Spiffied up the readme 
- Installed Newrelic(kartik) 
- Changed devise routes to avoid "/users/" 
- Added authorization/authentication for contacts 
- Added prettyURLS(friendly_id nested) for groups and contacts 
- *PENDING* Move common controller methods to application helper 
- *PENDING* Refactor groups controller 


Stuff to do ASAP:
- Generate Phone_Number and Engagement models
- Write tests
- Install new relic and coverage
- UI stuff

Gemset:

  gem "will_paginate", git: 'https://github.com/mislav/will_paginate.git' 
  gem 'devise', '3.0.0.rc'
  gem 'newrelic_rpm'
  gem 'validates_timeliness', '~> 3.0'
  gem 'simple_form'
  gem "nested_form"
  gem "rolify"
  gem "less-rails"
  gem 'friendly_id', '5.0.0.beta4'

  group :development, :test do
    gem 'rspec-rails', '~> 2.13.1'
    gem 'factory_girl_rails'
    gem "capybara"
    gem "guard-rspec"
    gem "database_cleaner", :group => :test
    gem 'simplecov', :require => false, :group => :test
  end


